[Music]
hello it's Ruby and welcome to another
University blog so it's currently around
7:45 I believe and I'm basically just
walking downstairs to put these clothes
in the dryer because if you wash
yesterday's video you'll know that I
forgot to bring the money down for the
dry yesterday so today I've got one
first two workshops so for theology we
don't have seminars or tutorials we have
workshops instead which is the same
sized group but we get to do activities
and things look at that completely empty
yesterday it was really busy but I guess
that people aren't quite so keen to do
washing in the morning okay so he's
under the dryers
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so I put the money into the wrong
machine which is the one above and
somebody's grades aren't already in
there so it basically just wasted 50
patents it's fine
everyone makes mistakes and they won't
do this again it's just annoying it
doesn't give change as well which means
that I'm going to lost 60 whole pens hey
say 55 minutes till it's done
all right it's my little treat I'm just
going to set a timer on my phone so that
I calm down the kids says you really
want to collect it quite quickly say
that other people can use it I think in
an hour more people might be keen to use
the is 65 minutes starts
it's fast washing load done see whilst I
haven't done trampolining yet which way
I'm gonna be doing is walking surely
very good exercise
[Music]
so it's nearly nine o'clock and I'm just
gonna go downstairs and collect my
clothes from the dryer sorry I think I'm
struggling - mr. Loomis as you could see
I was just trying some village oh no I'm
not actually keeping a bullet journal
but I really wanted to do some October
illustrations because it's an automaton
and I'm gonna be posting a picture of
that on my Instagram - so when I get
back up to my room because it's nine ish
I'm gonna get started on some work just
gonna make my way through the to-do list
and when I finish it I'm gonna stop work
because it's so close to the beginning
of the year I know that there's so much
independent study to be doing but I
think I'm gonna kind of take it easy ish
because I'm still feeling Elsa
I have a feeling that Wednesday evenings
are gonna be my favorites from now on
because the pajamas are so warm at the
moment I just want to put them on right
now and get into bed and be lovely
[Music]
okay so I've decided to make myself of
eating hot chocolate
yeah actually works so what I like to
use to make vegan hot chocolate is this
it's called sweet freedom and I've got
to I've got pure chocolate and then
chocolate orange and this one's
definitely my favorite you can see that
I've used up more of this one you just
kind of squirt it in there add some milk
add hazelnut milk because it makes it
taste like nuts Holub I feel like I'm
getting it through so much dairy free
milk stir our formative assessment for
the Bible past and present module which
I'm doing is to write a weekly wiki a
response which is just for our class and
I've just got to write 250 words and
then find something an artistic
representation which makes whichever
point whichever discussion we're having
basically like people have put have
managed to get actual pictures in but I
didn't get that I wasn't able to get
that so I've just put a de faced
American flag on which it distorts out
like the US is painted and I can't
manage to get the actual image though
which is so annoying so I just tried
editing it because I realized everyone
else had managed to do it and I actually
was the first one to post my entry and
then because I tried editing it now it's
put me right to the bottom so it looks
like I'm the last person to post which
is kind of annoying
I just wanted to basically review my
notes for both workshops so that I'm
ready to just go in and discuss and make
the most of it
I actually scheduled this only to take
ten minutes but I ended up spending half
an hour on it available on my website
pumpkin productivity dodo UK for three
pounds ninety-nine and if you are
wondering so I get this question a lot
I do ship internationally on this I'm
going to do some reading now of Plato
some extra reading I think I'm gonna
replay two and Socratic dialogues I will
get back to you at around 12:20 because
then I'll make some lunch and I'll show
you what I'm making say
[Music]
okay so I have just read 97 pages of
this book it's currently 12:30 so it
didn't take me that long actually I want
to read up to page 100 cuz that's
actually the other the chaps are quite
conveniently but the next two pages are
quite in-depth and I've just skimmed
through them and I want to think about
them much more deeply than maybe I've
been thinking about the rest of the book
just because it relates very well to the
set reading that I've been asked to do
and especially one of the things I was
interested in in that read Inc put my
pastor oh no because I'm gonna have some
more Balinese like I did yesterday
submit my spaghetti is nearly done I'm
just waiting for the timer to go uh I
just read up to page 100 this cook is
actually quite light all I need to leave
in 10 minutes
I need quickly okay okay I've got 20
minutes to get that it's a 10-minute
walk and I still need to find the
building because why I don't leave with
10 minutes to spare I'll leave with 20
minutes do you want to be in it
hello so we're here for our first
theology workshop which is exciting so
it's gonna say quiet okay okay wait is
it gonna focus perfect it's focused okay
so I'm back at my room and I really
haven't done very much I should have
done more I should have got back and
just sat down and finished reading that
book but I didn't and no it's nearly
five o'clock and I got a workshop at
5:35 so I kind of need to head over now
just so I'm not late and then I'll just
read in the read outside whilst I wait I
don't want to make excuses because I
think that's kind of what I'm doing but
I think there's cold means that I'm just
so much less motivated and I know that I
need the rest so I'm not pushing myself
and I'm up to date with everything it's
just doing extra work so I'm not being
terrible plus actually to be firm I like
to end it
thirty three hours I've had to play with
but um I spend an hour at the library
looking for some books so I showed you
all of the ones that I got philosophy
yesterday all of those focused on Plato
but these ones are more variable and
they cover both of my modules for
theology okay so I've got this one
doesn't actually fit in with anything
but this is what is postmodern biblical
criticism the early church which is
actually by one of my lecturers and this
is one of the core readings and I picked
up derrida's Bible the Bible in the
modern world which is on a reading list
it's the interpretation of the Bible in
the church which is not on our reading
list psychological biblical criticism
and lastly the spread of Christianity in
the first four centuries oh yes okay
actually there's something I need to
admit to you
so I've literally only been here for two
weeks but tomorrow I'm going home not
permanently and we just quickly add that
I'm going home for the weekend and then
so I've got my train leaving at 2:00 and
yeah I've got my train tickets already
okay four and then I'm coming back on
Sunday night basically
it's my very best friend as maids
birthday party on Saturday and I really
want to go the kids she's my best friend
so I really want to be there for her
birthday party actually she is here on
my pin board that is us and I can head
over to lecture and I'm going to read
some of my Socratic dialogues book when
I get there a little self-promoting do
you follow my Goodreads account and
Socratic dialogue
so I've just had my workshop it was a
really good fun that we were annotating
the Gospels there basically we were
looking at parallels for the crucifixion
it was really really interesting I'm
really enjoying the theology modules
yeah I just had a really good day
and yet another beautiful evening it's
just absolutely stunning I don't know
how long these sunsets are going to last
but I do hope that they last a while as
I said I'm usually not one to really
enjoy this kind of weather
surprisingly I think doing this walk
back from main campus to my
accommodation I'm beginning to
appreciate and yes I just realized that
was all very blurry so I'm sorry
you
so I'm changing the style of reading
this book slightly because I've been
doing ham written notes and I don't want
to use up all of the paper in that
notebook too soon because it's mainly
for lectures I've decided that's going
to be my lecture note but kind of
lectures and like to prep so that's the
only thing I'll have to bring to
lectures so because this isn't like rap
I'm actually going to type the rest of
my notes and then when I'm on the train
tomorrow I will go through and write
those up okay I'm currently just
starting chapter four so it's currently
quarter to ten
and my friend Liz just came around so we
just had a nice chat for literally an
hour sorry I got on this horrible cough
it's so bad I think I'm just gonna read
up to page 175 of this then I'm going to
pack my bag for tomorrow because I need
to get that done and and I'm gonna just
get started on editing this birthday
video for my friend I am going to have a
bedtime infusion by Sainsbury's
[Music]
nice welcoming bed thank you so much for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it and have a productive week